Hello and welcome to part one data pre-processing just before we start this part we're going to import
the libraries that we'll need to implement our Chad.
But good news there are only four libraries that will need first come by to work with arrays.
Then tons of flow.
Of course to do all the deeper stuff then the our library which will use to clean the text and make
them as simple as possible for our job to learn the best conditions and the time library to measure
the training time of each epoch.
This will be interesting to see.
To keep track of the training.
All right so let's import these libraries and then we'll be good to start.
Part 1 data processing.
So let's start with the first one.
The most classic one non-pilot so to import library with python we need to start with import.
Then we enter the name of the library which is named by here.
And then we can give it a shortcut especially if we're going to use it a lot and for non-pay we're going
to give the classic shortcut.
All right.
Then of course sense of flow import tensor flow as T.F..
We're going to use of flow.
So the shortcut T.F. will be very useful then as we said we're going to import also the r e library
that will be used to clean the text and especially to replace some characters by some more simple characters
to simplify the conversations as much as possible and eventually we are going to import that time library
to measure the training time.
All right perfect.
And now we're going to make sure that you have everything installed correctly and to do this you're
going to select these full lines of code here and then execute to execute the trick is to press command
on Mac or control if you're on Windows or Linux plus enter and then you can see on the console that
the libraries were imported correctly.
If they're not imported correctly you'll get an error.
So make sure you get this.
If you get this that means that everything was installed properly.
And for those of you who skipped the Anaconda installation tutorial made sure to have a look at it because
we create a virtual environment inside which we install tons of flow.
So make sure we're on the same page here.
And if that's the case.
Well congratulations.
You are ready to start part 1 day of pre-processing.
So we'll start in next tutorial.
And until then and Jaideep and I'll be.